**Approaching Designing Software**
When designing my software for this project, I was tasked with turning a 2d photo into a realistic 3d scene. I began by analyzing the requirements for how many shapes my scene needed, as well as the texture and lighting requirements. I determined that I needed 4 shapes, with one being made from multiple shapes, at least two objects with textures, and at least two light sources. Following this, I chose multiple objects to recreate that would meet the objects and texture requirements and placed them near two light sources, meeting the light requirement. I also took note of the requirements for the mouse and keyboard inputs. Lastly, I created a document that outlined my plans for meeting these requirements, ensuring I was on track to do so. Determining the requirements and coming up with an attainable plan to meet those requirements will be essential for any projects that I work on in the future. 
**Approaching Developing Programs**
To develop the code for my project, I took an iterative approach. Doing so allowed me to break down the coding process into more manageable stages. I began by loading shapes into the scene and transforming them, so they match the size and layout shown in the photo. During this step, I also adjusted the colors of the shapes so that they closely match the object. With the base of the program now complete, I moved on to implementing camera movement, which is possible via mouse and keyboard inputs. Following this, I implemented textures for the majority of the shapes to give a more realistic appearance. Lastly, I implemented two light sources and adjusted how the shapes reacted to the light. Overall, I would say that my approach to developing code remained consistent throughout. My intent was always to create a modular and well commented program that runs as expected without any errors. 
**Reaching My Goals**
My goals are to continue my education and get my master's in machine learning to attain a career related to the subject. I would also like to teach myself game development on the side and practice video game creation as a hobby. While computational graphics don’t necessarily relate to my educational and professional pathway, my approach to designing and creating the program in this course will be beneficial. Computational graphics will relate directly to my desire to practice video game creation as a hobby though. In order to create an immersive video game, it will be essential for me to understand how to create shapes with proper textures that react to light in a realistic way. I will also need to understand how to allow the game to recognize inputs from input devices and respond to those inputs accurately.
